hi everybody today I'm going to attempt
to make a ghoulish recipe and usually
these recipes calls for about three
pounds of meat and I'm trying to make it
so it's like it I could have a smaller
portion and I went with one pound of
meat right here so first let's start by
cutting this meat and two cubes and
we'll Pat them dry and we'll put some
paprika on it and we'll go from there
pop Rica okay nice piece
all six side but
okay
that's it good
so next up we'll just Pat them dry
because we're gonna Brown
grab some paprika about a tablespoon of
also some fresh ground pepper great so
now let's set this aside we're gonna
we're gonna add had left over so we need
one medium onion just sliced and we'll
break it up Paris so for this we're
gonna use a little bit of olive oil just
saute the
again with this medium of high
to start
and just just you know sprint to people
so they're happy together
all right so now that there are
semi-translucent
we're going to just move them to a
separate
and by the way after this I'm using the
Cuisinart
6/4 reply
and really
a really good partner the next step is
to sear the the meat so for that we're
gonna put the heat on high and this
thing is starting to
I'm just going to transfer the meat here
all four sides of to be
all sides of the meat
it's going to take us about five minutes
we got nice clearing here
at this point I'm not going to have
water
we're going to add about 1/3 of a can of
a 6 ounce tomato paste
and while lower they have not returned
we're going to add the onions
a quarter of a teaspoon of human
and he can add either chicken
consomme or vegetable
and I like to use this brand that's the
bull some soup and seasoning mix and
it's really a thrill
has a lot of flavor
about two tables
go ahead and skinning up make sure you
pick up the bits and pieces from bottom
and we're going to bring it down to a
simmer
go ahead cover the pan and this can go
like that for about an hour and a half
so I'm going to set the time
maybe an hour time I would come back
after an hour and check the tenderness
of the meat and if it needs a little
more cooking then just continue
all right so it's been about thirty
minutes and I'm gonna give it a good
steer here smells great all right so the
one hour and ten minutes or so as past
and I iced steered the pot from every 30
minutes or so
and I don't think it's ready I think it
does need another half hour but I'm just
gonna grab one I'm gonna cut into it and
taste it and by the way is temperature
focus focus
nice yum-yum Oh oh goodness good
absolutely I think it's actually writing
it's nice
so yeah this is now this is ready and
this was my recipe for DM I'm Gary and
Goulash using the quizzing art it's just
six quart three ply pot so if you
enjoyed this video please thumb up
subscribe to my channel
putting your collards if you have a
better recipe try this recipe you love
it please put it in the comments and
I'll catch you in the next video bye